.TH ARPCHATCPP 1 "JULY 2023" Linux "User Manuals"                                  
.SH NAME                                                                     
arpchatcpp \- Arpchat is a program implementing a chat using malformed gratuitous ARP packets.
.SH SYNOPSIS                                                                 
.B  arpchatcpp [-i interface] [-f config_path]
   [-d level]
   [-h] 
.SH DESCRIPTION                                                              
.B arpchatcpp 
this program implements a textual chat application with an ASCII GUI. It's intended to be a concept to exploit arp messages ans should not be used in production environment because could create serious malfunctions in network communications.

A configuration file using LUA syntax must be provided to configure emitted datagrams. Knownlwdge of RFC 5227 (gratuitous ARP requests) is required for a correct configuration.

The file contains two major config categories: values and filters.

Values are employed to configure datagram's fields, filters to iimplement a whitelist allowiong only compliant datagrams payload to be shown in the chat conversation panel.

Values are: hdrSenderMAC, hdrTargetMAC, frameType, hardType, protType, hardSize, protSize, opcode, senderMAC, targetMAC, senderIp, targetIp.

Filters are: frameTypeFilter, hardTypeFilter, protTypeFilter, hardSizeFilter, protSizeFilter, opcodeFilter, senderMACFilter, senderIpFilter, targetMACFilter, targetIpFilter.

MAC and IP address are configured as strings, integes as hex values.

The program requires  cap_net_raw=eip, root user is not allowed.

.SH DISCLAIMERS

This program is intended to be a concept to exploit arp messages ans should not be used in production environment because could create serious malfunctions in network communications. So I discourage the use of this software outside controlled test environments. I will not be responsible of any damage this software could cause. So don't call me if your network administrator is looking for you with homicidal intentions because you are using arpchatcpp in production environment, I advised you.

Before using this program you should be familiar with gratuitous ARP requests (RFC 5227).                                                              

.SH OPTIONS                                                       
.IP -i interface
Specifies the network interface employed. 
.IP -f configuration_path
Specifies the full path related to the configuration file.
.IP -d level
Specifies debugging lev el (0-2).
.IP -h
A short description of arpchatcpp command line syntax.
.SH BUGS                                                                     
This program is experimental, massive changes are possible.
.SH AUTHOR                                                                   
Gabriele Bonacini <gabriele.bonacini@protonmail.com>
.SH "SEE ALSO"                                                               
 RFC 5227 gratuitous ARP requests
